Infinite loop when fetching some cache-related services via container in projects without registered `config` service (#286)
laminas/laminas-cache: docs/book/v3/application-integration/usage-in-a-laminas-mvc-application.md

];
```

The factory `Laminas\Cache\Service\StorageCacheAbstractServiceFactory` uses the configuration, searches for the configuration key `caches` and creates the storage adapters using the discovered configuration. 

WARNING: **Cache Named `config` Is Not Possible**
A cache named `config` is not possible due to internal service conflicts with MVC configuration.

> The service named `config` is reserved for project configuration and thus cannot be used with the `caches` configuration.

Reviewer: Cache name must be unique identifier in container. Not just config but any conflicting name is not possible.

Reviewer 2: yah but thats usually up to the user while it is not for `config` as we now do have explicit check within the abstract static factory.
So I think this might be good enough for now. We still should tackle this specific issue within `laminas-servicemanager`.

];
```

The factory `Laminas\Cache\Service\StorageCacheAbstractServiceFactory` uses the configuration, searches for the configuration key `caches` and creates the storage adapters using the discovered configuration. 

> ### Cache named `config` is not possible
>
> A cache named `config` is not possible due to internal service conflicts with MVC configuration.

> > The service named `config` is reserved for he projects configuration and thus cannot be used with the `caches` configuration.

Author: Typo "the"

> > The service named `config` is reserved for he projects configuration and thus cannot be used with the `caches` configuration.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> The service named `config` is reserved for project configuration and thus cannot be used with the `caches` configuration.
```

> > The service named `config` is reserved for he projects configuration and thus cannot be used with the `caches` configuration.

Reviewer 4: Admonitions/callouts should be used:

```markdown
WARNING: **Cache Named `config` Is Not Possible**
A cache named `config` is not possible due to internal service conflicts with MVC configuration.
The service named `config` is reserved for he projects configuration and thus cannot be used with the `caches` configuration.
```

https://oprypin.github.io/markdown-callouts/index.html#usage

Reviewer 2: Seriously, this whole documentation stuff has so many features. Its more like a dedicated scripting language 😂

Reviewer 4: Markdown is unsuitable for technical documentations, the syntax is not sufficient and extensions are crap. :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:
